Reparse point limit is not always 63 (#918)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/FileIO/reparse-points.md

-   Reparse points and extended attributes are mutually exclusive. The NTFS file system cannot create a reparse point when the file contains extended attributes, and it cannot create extended attributes on a file that contains a reparse point.
-   Reparse point data, including the tag and optional **GUID**, cannot exceed 16 kilobytes. Setting a reparse point fails if the amount of data to be placed in the reparse point exceeds this limit.
-   There is a limit of 63 reparse points on any given path.
    

>     **NOTE:** The limit can be reduced depending on the length of the reparse point e.g: if your reparse point targets a fully qualified path, the limit becomes 31.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE:** The limit can be reduced depending on the length of the reparse point. For example, if your reparse point targets a fully qualified path, the limit becomes 31.
```
